Hello Enron
Chu Minghua just received a call from KK
I hurried out the door and left
Please help me find out who this KK is.
Ok, I'll check it out.
The drug test has not been found yet
It will take time
How did that happen?
I clearly saw Chu Minghua pass out after taking the medicine
How can it be okay?
Has this medicine been passed through anyone else's hands?
I asked Wen Hao to check the medicine.
Lin Xi, you can't trust anyone
But you must believe in Wen Hao
He is absolutely reliable
Hey, slow down, you can afford it if it breaks.
Does every room have to be checked?
Ah, the circuitry.
Check every room
It is also to ensure the safety of the owners
That's not our passport
only